Since you don't want to call
So I'll have to call him.
You died with Sister Suzaku's phone
You hit or I hit
Sister Zhu, someone is making trouble on Gu'an Street
Say I know you and let me give you a call
Who? What's his name?
I don't even know his name
But he has a ring on his finger
There's a dragon on it.
Ask me if I know you
What scarface?
Take good care of this person
If you dare to make him unhappy, your whole family is not sick
I'll be there later
Big brother, don't be obedient
Nonsense
How could Patriarch Nangong know such a loser?
He is definitely lying to you.
Hand over the jade
Beard says bastard
It is clear that you are selling hard
Messed up the rules here
Do you want to die?